1)Meta Tag provide information about the page   
2)Description provide more info about the page  
3) http-equiv refresh the page when provide url then after time if will refresh and open that url 
4) charset means numeric representation of character 
5) Semantic html means communicate more clearly to the user as well as browser 
semantic tags:-nav,header,footer 
6)specificity :
id-100 class-10 tag-1 *-0 
7) css var vs css property 
:root{
--primaryColor:dodgerblue 
} 
root is css pseudo-class with higher specificity 
vivek sir email vivek.m@masai  
8) Type coercion js trying to convert values to number while string,boolean etc  
9) Hoisting Means acess Function or var before initialize it . 
10) hoisting allows you to use functions and variables before they're declared. 
11) This Keyword Al global this===window in case of browser   

12) Anything which is not defined inside function is golabal scope when we create any var or function in global space than it will attach to window we can access
 it by using window.varname or varname 

13)"undefined" indicates that a variable has been declared but not given a value, while "not defined" indicates that a variable does not exist. 

14) js is lossely type language means we can change its type after creating var it is flexible  

15) scope means where u can access specific function or variable  

--16) What is constructor in JavaScript with example?
A constructor is a function that creates an instance of a class which is typically called an “object”. In JavaScript, a constructor gets called when you declare an 
object using the new keyword. The purpose of a constructor is to create an object and set values if there are any object properties present. 
17)What is super in JS?
The super keyword is used to access properties on an object literal or class's [[Prototype]], or invoke a superclass's constructor 

18) Prototype Inheritance
In JavaScript, a prototype can be used to add properties and methods to a constructor function. And objects inherit properties and methods from a prototype 
19)To horizontally center a block element (like <div>), use margin: auto; 
20)when we give border radius 50% to div it will create circle 
21)What is a hoisting in JS?
In JavaScript, hoisting allows you to use functions and variables before they're declared. 
22)Closures are functions that are nested in other functions / function with lexical scope bundled is called closure
23)specificity:- ID-100 class-10 tag-1 universal/* -0 
24)What is padding in CSS?
An element's padding area is the space between its content and its border  
padding-top
padding-right
padding-bottom
padding-left 
25) a margin is the space around an element's border, while padding is the space between an element's border and the element's content 
26)n JavaScript, the this keyword refers to an object. Which object depends on how this is being invoked   
In an object method, this refers to the object.
Alone, this refers to the global object.
In a function, this refers to the global object.
In a function, in strict mode, this is undefined.
In an event, this refers to the element that received the event.
Methods like call(), apply(), and bind() can refer this to any object. 
28)Higher-Order function is a function that receives a function as an argument or returns the function as output.

For example, Array.prototype.map, Array.prototype.filter and Array.prototype.reduce are some of the Higher-Order functions built into the language. 
Map(),reduce(),filter () 
map perform operation on each element of array and return an array 
reduce The reduce method executes the callback function on each member of the calling array which results in a single output value. 
filter work same like map return boolean value 
29) What is the CSS position property?
The CSS position property defines the position of an element in a document. This property works with the left, right, top, bottom and z-index properties to determine the final position of an element on a page.

There are five values the position property can take. They are:

static
relative
absolute
fixed
sticky 

30) var	                                          let	                           const
var has the function or global scope.	let's have the block scope.	const variable has the block scope.
It gets hoisted to the top of its scope and initialized undefined.	It also got hoisted to the top of its scope but didn't initialize.	It also got hoisted to the top of its scope but didn't initialize.
It can be updated or re-declared.	It can only be updated and can't be re-declared.	It can't be updated or re-declared.
It's an old way to declare a variable.	It's a new way to declare variables introduced in ES6.	It's also a new way to declare a variable, which introduces in ES6.

31) Synchronous tasks happen in order—you must complete the current task before moving on to the next. Asynchronous tasks are executed in any order or even at once.
js is synchronous language .

32) Promises are used to handle asynchronous operations in JavaScript. They are easy to manage when dealing with multiple asynchronous operations where callbacks can 
create callback hell leading to unmanageable code.   
A Promise has four states: 
fulfilled: Action related to the promise succeeded
rejected: Action related to the promise failed
pending: Promise is still pending i.e. not fulfilled or rejected yet
settled: Promise has fulfilled or rejected
A promise can be created using Promise constructor.
Syntax
var promise = new Promise(function(resolve, reject){
     //do something
}); 
33) Currying is the process of transforming a function that takes multiple arguments into a function that takes just a single argument and returns another function if 
any arguments are still needed. 
34)



